

$ ansible-galaxy -h
usage: ansible-galaxy [-h] [--version] [-v] TYPE ...

Perform various Role and Collection related operations.

positional arguments:
  TYPE
    collection   Manage an Ansible Galaxy collection.
    role         Manage an Ansible Galaxy role.

optional arguments:
  --version      show program's version number, config file location,
                 configured module search path, module location, executable
                 location and exit
  -h, --help     show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose  verbose mode (-vvv for more, -vvvv to enable connection
                 debugging)

$ ansible-galaxy role -h
usage: ansible-galaxy role [-h] ROLE_ACTION ...

positional arguments:
  ROLE_ACTION
    init       Initialize new role with the base structure of a role.
    remove     Delete roles from roles_path.
    delete     Removes the role from Galaxy. It does not remove or alter the
               actual GitHub repository.
    list       Show the name and version of each role installed in the
               roles_path.
    search     Search the Galaxy database by tags, platforms, author and
               multiple keywords.
    import     Import a role into a galaxy server
    setup      Manage the integration between Galaxy and the given source.
    login      Login to api.github.com server in order to use ansible-galaxy
               role sub command such as 'import', 'delete', 'publish', and
               'setup'
    info       View more details about a specific role.
    install    Install role(s) from file(s), URL(s) or Ansible Galaxy

optional arguments:
  -h, --help   show this help message and exit

$ ansible-galaxy collection -h
usage: ansible-galaxy collection [-h] COLLECTION_ACTION ...

positional arguments:
  COLLECTION_ACTION
    download         Download collections and their dependencies as a tarball
                     for an offline install.
    init             Initialize new collection with the base structure of a
                     collection.
    build            Build an Ansible collection artifact that can be publish
                     to Ansible Galaxy.
    publish          Publish a collection artifact to Ansible Galaxy.
    install          Install collection(s) from file(s), URL(s) or Ansible
                     Galaxy
    list             Show the name and version of each collection installed in
                     the collections_path.
    verify           Compare checksums with the collection(s) found on the
                     server and the installed copy. This does not verify
                     dependencies.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help         show this help message and exit


